ls: refresh descriptions (#13698)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ls.md

> List directory contents.
> More information: <https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/ls>.

> - List files [one] per line:

Author: Yeah... I'll leave it as is.

`ls -1`

- List [a]ll files, including hidden files:

`ls -a`

- List files with a trailing symbol to indicate file type (directory/, symbolic_link@, executable*, ...):

`ls -F`

- List [a]ll files in [l]ong format (permissions, ownership, size, and modification date):

`ls -la`

> - [l]ong format list with size displayed using [h]uman-readable units (KiB, MiB, GiB):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List files in [l]ong format with size displayed using [h]uman-readable units (KiB, MiB, GiB):
```

`ls -lh`

> - [l]ong format list sorted by [S]ize (descending) [R]ecursively:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List files in [l]ong format, sorted by [S]ize (descending) [R]ecursively:
```

`ls -lSR`

> - [l]ong format list of files, sorted by [t]ime it was modified and in [r]everse order (oldest first):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List files in [l]ong format, sorted by [t]ime the file was modified and in [r]everse order (oldest first):
```
